Hey, okay, okay.
Mom believes in you
However, Qian Qing's top priority now
Just take good care of your body
Prepare for surgery
When the surgery is over, mom will take you back, okay?
So is Daddy coming back with us?
Maybe.
Is it sunny recently?
Very good, Shen Yin agreed to operate on him
It shouldn't be long before Qingqing recovers to health
Academic research is so important to me lately
What will it look like for a while?
You can tell me if you have any questions.
I'll go back to see you and Qingqing when I'm done here.
Don't worry.
Tingting and I have a good time
Enough money
Hmm, that's fine.
I already owe the senior too much
Still don't tell him what happened to me?
Ah, I'm going to cook.
Let's talk next time
I hope Huo Zeyuan will not embarrass me again today